CPE-123-Projects
================

Hi! Thanks for taking a look.

These are some projects/games that I've made while learning Java in the introductory course CPE123 during Fall 2011. While these games have been made in roughly 1-3 weeks each, I spent sleepless nights working on them and would be really happy if you would give them a try. 

These games require 'Processing' to compile and run: https://processing.org/download/

Sorry about the code mess, I was a dumb freshman ):

There are also some screenshots in this repository if you want a preview (but they don't do the games justice).

**Parametric Project**

A rhythm matching game that I find really fun and had a lot of fun making. You match similar shapes with some upbeat music at increasing speeds. Graphics in this game including art, animated backgrounds, and everything general is generated by code and no images were used. (See if you can beat my friend's high school of 6300!)


**Final Project**

A dramatic 2.5d puzzle platformer that my freshman mind thought was a good idea. IStages and art (besides sprites) are made by me. This project took me the longest time but is somewhat incomplete on the art side. It's still rather good to look at and filled with rhymes, although it is a bit corny.


**Project 3**

A small project with hidden features. Just some poorly optimized graphics demonstrations.


**Project 4**

Fun little "RPG" I made to set the ground work for my final project. More of story than a game but it is quite interesting.

**To run the games, just find the .pde file in each directory and open it with Processing, then press the play button.**

These games are made from scratch and I am the sole developer.
Please give them a try >_>
